# Migration guidance for operator

## Migrating from pre v0.9

Pre v0.9.x versions utilized service annotations with a service controller instead of the TunnelBinding resource. All the annotations neatly map to the custom resource definitions, and multiple services on the same tunnel can be mapped using a single TunnelBinding custom resource. The previous configuration options (which do not work anymore) are kept below for posterity.

### Service Configuration (deprecated)

Making a tunnel proxy a service is done through the TunnelBinding custom resource. Here are the available annotations. Only the first one is mandatory. Rest of them have defaults as needed.

* `cfargotunnel.com/tunnel` or `cfargotunnel.com/cluster-tunnel`: This annotation is needed for the Service controller to pick this service. Specify the name of the Tunnel/ClusterTunnel CRD which should serve this service
* `cfargotunnel.com/fqdn`: DNS name to access this service from. Defaults to the `service.metadata.name` + `tunnel.spec.domain`. If specifying this, make sure to use the same domain that the tunnel belongs to. This is not validated and used as provided
* `cfargotunnel.com/proto`: Specify the protocol for the service. Should be one of `http`, `https`, `tcp`, `udp`, `ssh` or `rdp`. Defaults to `http`, with the exceptions of `https` for 443, `smb` for 139 and 445, `rdp` for 3389 and `ssh` for 22 if the service has a TCP port. The only available option for a UDP port is `udp`, which is default
* `cfargotunnel.com/target`: Where the tunnel should proxy to. Defaults to the form of `<protocol>://<service.metadata.name>.<service.metadata.namespace>.svc:<port>`
* `cfargotunnel.com/caPool`: Specify the name of the key in the secret specified in `tunnel.spec.originCaPool` and that CA certificate will be trusted. `tls.crt` is trusted globally and does not need to be specified. Only useful if the protocol is HTTPS
* `cfargotunnel.com/noTlsVerify`: Disable TLS verification for this service. Only useful if the protocol is HTTPS
